me Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcgtq_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcgtq_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcgtq_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcle_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcle_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcle_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcle_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcle_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcle_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcle_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcleq_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcleq_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcleq_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcleq_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcleq_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcleq_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcleq_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcls_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcls_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcls_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcls_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcls_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcls_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclsq_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclsq_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclsq_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclsq_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclsq_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclsq_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclt_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclt_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclt_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclt_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclt_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclt_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclt_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcltq_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcltq_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcltq_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcltq_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcltq_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcltq_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcltq_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclz_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclz_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclz_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclz_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclz_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclz_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclzq_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclzq_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclzq_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclzq_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclzq_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vclzq_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcreate_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcreate_p16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcreate_p64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcreate_p8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcreate_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcreate_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcreate_s64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcreate_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcreate_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcreate_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcreate_u64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcreate_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvt_f32_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvt_f32_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvt_n_f32_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvt_n_f32_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvt_n_s32_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvt_n_u32_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvt_s32_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvt_u32_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvtq_f32_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvtq_f32_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvtq_n_f32_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvtq_n_f32_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvtq_n_s32_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvtq_n_u32_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvtq_s32_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vcvtq_u32_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdot_lane_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdot_lane_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdot_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdot_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdotq_lane_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdotq_lane_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdotq_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdotq_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_lane_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_lane_p16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_lane_p8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_lane_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_lane_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_lane_s64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_lane_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_lane_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_lane_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_lane_u64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_lane_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_laneq_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_laneq_p16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_laneq_p8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_laneq_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_laneq_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_laneq_s64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_laneq_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_laneq_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_laneq_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_laneq_u64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdup_laneq_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_lane_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_lane_p16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_lane_p8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_lane_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_lane_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_lane_s64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_lane_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_lane_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_lane_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_lane_u64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_lane_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_laneq_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_laneq_p16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_laneq_p8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_laneq_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_laneq_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_laneq_s64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_laneq_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_laneq_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_laneq_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_laneq_u64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vdupq_laneq_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veor_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veor_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veor_s64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veor_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veor_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veor_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veor_u64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veor_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veorq_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veorq_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veorq_s64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veorq_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veorq_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veorq_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veorq_u64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.veorq_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vext_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vext_p16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vext_p8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vext_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vext_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vext_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vext_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vext_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vext_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vextq_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vextq_p16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vextq_p8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vextq_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vextq_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vextq_s64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vextq_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vextq_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vextq_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vextq_u64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vextq_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vfma_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vfma_n_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vfmaq_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vfmaq_n_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vfms_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vfms_n_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vfmsq_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vfmsq_n_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhadd_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhadd_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhadd_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhadd_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhadd_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhadd_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhaddq_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhaddq_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhaddq_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhaddq_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhaddq_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhaddq_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhsub_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhsub_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhsub_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhsub_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhsub_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhsub_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhsubq_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhsubq_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhsubq_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhsubq_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhsubq_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vhsubq_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_f32_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_f32_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_f32_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_p16_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_p16_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_p16_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_p64_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_p64_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_p64_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_p8_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_p8_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_p8_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_s16_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_s16_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_s16_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_s32_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_s32_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_s32_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_s64_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_s64_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_s64_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_s8_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_s8_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_s8_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_u16_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_u16_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_u16_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_u32_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_u32_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_u32_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_u64_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_u64_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_u64_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_u8_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_u8_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1_u8_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_f32_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_f32_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_f32_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_p16_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_p16_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_p16_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_p64_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_p64_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_p64_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_p8_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_p8_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_p8_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_s16_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_s16_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_s16_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_s32_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_s32_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_s32_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_s64_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_s64_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_s64_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_s8_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_s8_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_s8_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_u16_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_u16_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_u16_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_u32_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_u32_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_u32_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_u64_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_u64_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_u64_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_u8_x2.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_u8_x3.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld1q_u8_x4.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_dup_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_dup_p16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_dup_p64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_dup_p8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_dup_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_dup_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_dup_s64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_dup_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_dup_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_dup_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_dup_u64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_dup_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_lane_f32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_lane_p16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_lane_p8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_lane_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_lane_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_lane_s8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_lane_u16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_lane_u32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_lane_u8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_p16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_p64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_p8.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_s16.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_s32.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_s64.html', LF will be replaced by CRLF the next time Git touches it
warning: in the working copy of '.rustup/toolchains/stable-x86_64-pc-windows-msvc/share/doc/rust/html/core/core_arch/arm_shared/neon/generated/fn.vld2_s8.html', LF will b